Update agent.md (#3587)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/configure/agent.md

| `pin_version` | string | Optional | "Lock" the subsystem to a specific version (as provided by the release channel). If set, no automatic upgrades will be performed until the setting is updated to a new version (or removed to revert to the release channel). If both `pin_url` and `pin_version` is set, `pin_url` will be used. Default: `""`. |
| `pin_url` | string | Optional | Ignore normal version selection and directly download from the specified URL. If set, no automatic upgrades will be performed until the setting is updated to a new URL (or removed to revert to the release channel). Typically this is only used for testing/troubleshooting. If both `pin_url` and `pin_version` is set, `pin_url` will be used. Default: `""`. |
| `disable_subsystem` | boolean | Optional | When set to `true` it disables the `agent-syscfg` subsystem. |

> | `attributes` | object | Optional | <ul><li>`logging`: parameters for logging<ul><li>`system_max_use`: sets the maximum disk space `journald` will user for persistent log storage. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`runtime_max_use`: sets the runtime/temporary limit. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`disable`: If `false` (default), Viam manages the logs. `true`: Viam isn't managing logs, `runtime_max_use` limits are ignored, and the operating system defaults are used.</li></ul></li><li>`upgrades`: using `upgrades` installs the `unattended-upgrades` package, and replace `20auto-upgrades` and `50unattended-upgrades` in <FILE>/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/</FILE>, with the latter's Origins-Pattern list being generated automatically from configured repositories on the system, so custom repos (at the time the setting is enabled) will be included.<ul><li>`type`: Configured unattended upgrades for Debian bullseye and bookworm. Options: `""` (no effect), `"disable"` (disables automatic upgrades), `"security"` (only enables updates from sources with "security" in their codename, ex: `bookworm-security`), `"all"` (enable updates from all configured sources).</li></ul></li></ul> |

Author: ```suggestion
| `attributes` | object | Optional | <ul><li>`logging`: parameters for logging<ul><li>`system_max_use`: sets the maximum disk space `journald` will user for persistent log storage. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`runtime_max_use`: sets the runtime/temporary limit. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`disable`: If `false` (default), Viam manages the logs. If `true`: Viam isn't managing logs, `runtime_max_use` limits are ignored, and the operating system defaults are used.</li></ul></li><li>`upgrades`: using `upgrades` installs the `unattended-upgrades` package, and replace `20auto-upgrades` and `50unattended-upgrades` in <FILE>/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/</FILE>, with the latter's Origins-Pattern list being generated automatically from configured repositories on the system, so custom repos (at the time the setting is enabled) will be included.<ul><li>`type`: Configured unattended upgrades for Debian bullseye and bookworm. Options: `""` (no effect), `"disable"` (disables automatic upgrades), `"security"` (only enables updates from sources with "security" in their codename, ex: `bookworm-security`), `"all"` (enable updates from all configured sources).</li></ul></li></ul> |
```

> | `attributes` | object | Optional | <ul><li>`logging`: parameters for logging<ul><li>`system_max_use`: sets the maximum disk space `journald` will user for persistent log storage. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`runtime_max_use`: sets the runtime/temporary limit. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`disable`: If `false` (default), Viam manages the logs. If `true`: Viam isn't managing logs, `runtime_max_use` limits are ignored, and the operating system defaults are used.</li></ul></li><li>`upgrades`: using `upgrades` installs the `unattended-upgrades` package, and replace `20auto-upgrades` and `50unattended-upgrades` in <FILE>/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/</FILE>, with the latter's Origins-Pattern list being generated automatically from configured repositories on the system, so custom repos (at the time the setting is enabled) will be included.<ul><li>`type`: Configured unattended upgrades for Debian bullseye and bookworm. Options: `""` (no effect), `"disable"` (disables automatic upgrades), `"security"` (only enables updates from sources with "security" in their codename, ex: `bookworm-security`), `"all"` (enable updates from all configured sources).</li></ul></li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `attributes` | object | Optional | <ul><li>`logging`: parameters for logging<ul><li>`system_max_use`: sets the maximum disk space `journald` will user for persistent log storage. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`runtime_max_use`: sets the runtime/temporary limit. Numeric values are in bytes, with optional single letter suffix for larger units, for example. K, M, or G. Default: `512M`.</li><li>`disable`: If `false` (default), Viam enforces the given logging configurations. If `true`: Viam does NOT modify logging configuration, and the operating system defaults are used.</li></ul></li><li>`upgrades`: using `upgrades` installs the `unattended-upgrades` package, and replace `20auto-upgrades` and `50unattended-upgrades` in <FILE>/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/</FILE>, with the latter's Origins-Pattern list being generated automatically from configured repositories on the system, so custom repos (at the time the setting is enabled) will be included.<ul><li>`type`: Configured unattended upgrades for Debian bullseye and bookworm. Options: `""` (no effect), `"disable"` (disables automatic upgrades), `"security"` (only enables updates from sources with "security" in their codename, ex: `bookworm-security`), `"all"` (enable updates from all configured sources).</li></ul></li></ul> |
```

Reviewer: Words things a little more accurately I believe.
